If the pizza man truly loves
this babysitter...
why does he keep
slapping her rear?
I learned that
from the pizza man.
So, where is it?Where's what?
The pizza.
Alright.
I'm done.
Hello.
Jack?
Castiel: Billie kept him hidden
in the Empty
until Chuck
went off world.
It's time.Jack still doesn't
have a soul.
If I do
exactly what she says,
if I follow her plan,
I'll get stronger
and I'll be able
to kill God.
Billie: They're all dying.
Each and every world.
Castiel:
It's Chuck.
Mm-hmm.
He's been a busy boy.
Wiping the slate clean --
for the end.
This is your destiny.
You are the messengers
of God's destruction.
Any sign of him?
No, nothing yet.
Chuck's probably trashing
a few dozen universes
outside
of CNN's range.
♪ Anytime I need to see your
face, I just close my eyes ♪
♪ And I am taken to a place
♪ Where your crystal mind
and magenta feelings ♪
♪ Take up shelter
in the base of my spine ♪
♪ Sweet like
a chica cherry cola ♪
♪ I don't need to try to
explain, I just hold on tight ♪
♪ And if it happens again,
I may move so slightly ♪
♪ To the arms
and the lips and the face ♪
♪ Of the human cannonball that
♪ I need to, I want to
♪ Come stand
a little bit closer ♪
Bro.
We did it.
♪ Breathe in
and get a bit higher ♪
♪ You'll never know
what hit you when ♪
♪ I get to you
Dean?
Sam?
What the Hell?What the Heck?
♪ Ooh, I'd die to find out
♪ Ooh, I want you, I don't know
if I need you but ♪
Aw, nuts.
--Captions by VITAC--
www.vitac.com
Captions paid for by
Warner Bros. Television
Sam: So, this rift is open
in the middle of the armory,
and the-- and these two guys
climb out of a car,
and they look
just like us...
Except not, and don't even
get me started about the car.
Okay,
I am not understanding.
Yeah, well,
welcome to the club.
It's like they were us,
but I guess from another world?
But how
did they get here?Billie:
They were running.
Because God was destroying
their reality.
He's almost done wrapping up
those other worlds.
And when he is...It's our turn?
Looks like.
So we need
to be prepared.
I have
the next step.
For Jack.
I'm ready.
Feeling, um,
good about it.
The first quest was meant
to strengthen Jack's body.
Step two is more spiritual
in nature.
Can you be
more specific?
Jack needs to find
the Occultum.
The Occultum?
Occultum, that's, uh,
Latin for "hidden."
Where do we find it?
I don't know,
it's hidden.
Missing for centuries.
Sacred, potent.
Is it a weapon?
Uh, how does it work?
Not a weapon per se.
But it's powerful.
Okay. Thanks.
Big help.
So, are you ready?
Truly?
I am.
Good to hear.
Because we need to be
ready and vigilant...
and not stupid.
God -- if he catches on
to what we're doing,
everything comes
crashing down.
The Occultum --
there's barely even
a mention of this thing.
And nothing
on where to find it.
Mm-hmm.
And what's this thing
supposed to even do?
It's "spiritual"?
What does that even mean?
Dean?
Dean.
Hmm?
What are you doing?
I'm just thinking.
I mean, this whole thing
is crazy, right?
I mean, uh,
Death is our Obi-Wan,
and you and me,
we're the --
the "messengers of
God's destruction --"
whatever the Hell
that means --
and Jack is supposed to
kill God.
But if he does...
that still leaves
you know who.
Amara.
So I'm thinking
maybe he kills her, too.
Seriously.
'Cause listen, if we just
take Chuck off the board,
that still leaves her,
okay?
That throws things
out of balance,
and if things
are out of balance,
then the world pretty much --
Yeah, ends.
Right.
But if Jack
kills her...
Kind of a family plan.
Then there's no God,
there's no Darkness.
Nothing out of balance.
World saved.
Okay, yeah,
but then who takes over?
Uh, Jack?
I just learned
how to do that.
Probably not.
Jack, listen, uh,
about Billie's plan, uh,
she hasn't been real specific
on the details.
Yeah, when you --
when you go up against Chuck,
uh, you're gonna what,
bob and weave?
Or do you go straight in
for the full smite?
Yeah, you know, um,
something like that.
Castiel:
Okay, yeah.
Fine. I owe you.
Well, I have information
on the Occultum
from the shaman Sergei.
Him?
Are we that desperate?
I think so.
So,
what did he say?
The Occultum is divine
in its origin.
It was housed
for hundreds of years
in an ancient temple
before it was --
Plundered by pirates.
No.
It was
dug up by tomb raiders.
No.
It was seized
by the King of the Dead
and his warlords. Am I close?
Looted by invading Mongol hordes
for trade on the --
Black market.
Yeah, that's what --
I was gonna say that next.
That was the next one.
Yeah.
So, uh,
where is it now?
Until a few years ago,
it was owned
by the Jacobson family,
until Hyram Jacobson's son
fell gravely ill.
And he was told
nothing could be done.
And in desperation,
he turned to a faith healer.
She saved the child,
but she would only accept
the Occultum in payment.
Do we have a name?
No,
just a description.
She was attractive.
And she healed the child
by laying on hands.
Which glowed.
Sam and Dean.
You just
keep turning up.
My two bad pennies.
Looks like, uh,
business is still good.
Well,
the healthcare system sucks,
so I pick up
the slack.
Making house calls?
Sorry?
Oh, maybe Hyram Jacobson
recommended you
to a few
of his rich friends.
I mean,
one gazillionaire
trumps a hundred sad sacks
in a Kiwanis hall, am I right?
Well, I really can't
talk about that.
Patient confidentiality.
Right. Of course.
Sure. In that case,
uh, why don't you tell us
about the Occultum?
What about it?
We need it.
Why?
To kill God.
Hmm.
Turns out that Hail Mary
that you and Cass tried,
it worked.
God's back,
he's pissed,
and he's gonna
murder the world.
Unless we stop him.
So you want me
to be on your side...
against God.
I mean,
we are better-looking.
No.
I'm not going to make God
my enemy,
because he's God.
Well...
you don't have
a choice.
You wouldn't.
Try us.
I don't have it.Then who does?
An old friend of yours...
Ruby.
Wait a second.
Why would you give it to her?
It's a long story.
I was on the road
near Topeka...
Long days
of providing relief
to the weak
and weary.
Alone, yet warmed
by the comfort I provided.
When she found me.
Hey.
Anything you want
to tell me, Jo?
Nice vessel.
Suits you better
than the blonde.
Wait a minute.
You were friends?
Oh, God, no.
I mean, sometimes we'd pool
our talents,
run a job together
if the opportunity
presented itself.
You've been holding out
on me.
Ruby, I respect
our arrangement.
Do I butt in when some sap
wants his soul back
and you agree to return it
for a tidy fee?
And I'm good with your little
bleeding-heart sideshow,
but I'm talking way bigger
than you usual take.
The Occultum.
You've got it.
And I can get you
a buyer...
for a taste.
And why
would I agree to that?
Money.
Do you have any idea
how much that thing's worth?
Millions.
Now, tell me
that doesn't appeal
to your
label-whore heart.
Dean:
And then?
I gave it to her.
She said
she had hid it,
until she contacted
the buyer.
Which she never did because,
well, you...
Aah!
Okay,
so where is it now?Stashed.
By her.
In Hell.
Hey, Jack.
Cass, you know what's good
about being dead?
Uh, as I recall,
very little.
Well,
when you come back, you --
you really get into
all that life is.
Hot, cold, sweet,
spicy, funny, scary.
And are you?
"Into it"?
I want to be.
But I don't...
feel things
the way I used to.
Before I lost my...
Your soul.
I used to feel things.
In my bones.
It was glorious,
and sometimes unbearable.
But I felt them.
Now, I understand joy
or sadness, but...
I know those things
aren't in me.
I understand
why Sam and Dean were angered
by what happened
to Mary...
By what you did
to Mary.
Yes.
I see
that I've caused them pain.
And it's clear
that things have changed.
Especially with --
with Dean.
Will he ever
forgive me?
You know, Dean,
he -- he feels things
more acutely
than any human
I've ever known.
So it's possible
he could work through this.
One day, he may explode
and let it all out
and breathe deeply
and move on.
How long
will that take?
I don't know.
You sure
you can swing this again?
Well, we have Rowena's notes
for the spell so...
Okay, "Samwitch."
Let's do this.
Cass, hey, good news.
We sorta know
where the Occultum is. Sorta.
What?
What's wrong?
Come with me.
Cass,
what are we doing?
Whoa.
What the Hell?
They can't see us
or hear us.
What happened?
Where are they?
I don't know.
I -- I think,
if Chuck
tried to destroy them
as their world's rift
was closing,
it's
theoretically possible
that the blast could've
trapped them between dimensions.
I mean, they're...
they're here
and yet not.
Are they in pain?
I don't think so.
Good.
Wait. Well, hold up, Dean.
You -- Will...
We'll handle it,
okay?
We'll deal with them,
but right now,
you and me,
we got to go to Hell.
Whoa.
You do?
Jo said that's where
Ruby stashed the Occultum.
Ruby?
The demon you were
sexually intimate with?
"Sexually intimate"?Yes.
And you trust Jo now?
Well,
Jo did help you out.
Yes,
but Hell is a big place.
You could be
searching forever.
We need
more information, Dean.
From who?
What about Ruby?
Ruby's dead,
Cass.
We have to work
with what we have.
So we'll go to Hell,
you stay topside
and keep that spell alive
so we get back, alright?
Alright, next time we fly
Air Abracadabra,
we're upgrading
to first class.
I can't take
the jet lag.
Where do we start?
Hey.
Hi.You shouldn't be here.
Yeah -- we know.
We're, uh -- We're looking
for your boss, Rowena.
She's hosting
a reception.
For newly
condemned souls.
Because that's a thing
we do now.
Oh. Alright.
But you could take us
to her, right?
Yeah.
Good.
So?
They made it?
Sam and Dean
are in Hell?
Yeah.
But?
But there are just so many holes
in Jo's story.
Who was Ruby gonna sell
the Occultum to?
Why didn't Jo try
to get it back?
So you think
she's lying.
I think
we need to ask Ruby.
Who's dead.
Yeah.
In the Empty.
I need
your assistance.
Uh, sure.
Anything.
I need you
to kill me.
Almost.
Can someone be
almost dead?
Well,
in theory...
Aha.
...if I'm brought
to death's brink,
I should be able
to put one foot in the afterlife
and contact Ruby.
Cass, the Empty doesn't exactly
like you, remember?
Yeah, I do.
But our deal --
I'm far from happy,
so I should be fine.
I need you draw out
most of my life force,
store it in here,
and then keep a close watch.
If it seems like I'm --Really dying,
not almost dying?
Then bring me back.
Cass,
I-I may not have a soul,
but, uh,
I know killing you is wrong.
What if I screw up?
Well, then I'll be
lost forever.
But I think
you'll do fine.
Oh, um, you need to feed
the spell bowl
to keep the rift open
for Sam and Dean,
or they'llbe
lost forever.
Let's do it.
Are you sure?
Not at all.
Give me one hour.
Then bring me back.
This way, guys.
Sam:
Is it just me,
or is this
feeling like...
A trap.
Hyah!
Aah!
Why you trying
to kill us?
Because she told us to.
Who? Rowena?
Jo.
She said
if we helped her,
she'd bust us
out of Hell.
And why'd
she want us dead?
Ask her yourself.
Aah!
That bitch set us up.
Sister Jo.
You're still here.
Maybe you can help...
No Sister Jo here.
Heard she retired.
Florida.
But here's some free advice --
don't make friends.
They always ask
too much of you.
Ruby?
Can you hear me?
Ruby.
Ruby!
Ruby, can you hear me?
Hello, Clarence.
Meg.
Oh, not so much.
You're the Empty.You always were quick.
Apparently,
you want to see Ruby,
so I went with
a demon theme.
Where can I find her?
What does this look like,
a singles bar?
This is not
a social call.
I am here
fulfilling a request
ordered by
Death herself.
And I understand that you
and she are working together.
Oh, yeah,
we're besties.
But that doesn't mean
I'm gonna help little ol' you.
Oh, yes, it does.
Ugh.
You're no fun.
Go get her,
Pizza Man.
Ruby.
Where am I?
You're dead.
I remember.
Are you dead?
Almost.
Oh. Lucky you.
Ruby,
I woke you up
because I'm looking for
an object known as the Occultum,
and the angel Jo said
you hid it somewhere in Hell.
Oh, did she?
Wow, that is so like her.
Don't you think
it's a little obvious
for a demon to be
hiding something in Hell?
I don't know.
Sam and Dean,
they're searching there now.
Oh, Sam.
How is the big lug?
I liked him.
We had a good thing
until he killed me.
Listen,
I don't have a lot of time.
Could we possibly just --
W-When you went to Jo
about the Occultum --
When I went
to see her?
Shecalled me.
Is this a trap?
'Cause I will
mess you up.
Wow.
That's how much you trust me.
Girlfriend --
I'm not your girlfriend.
What do you want?
Here's the deal.
Lucifer and Michael
are circling each other;
there's gonna be
a showdown.
And I know you think
you're in solid with Lucifer,
but we both know
if those two go at it,
it's Apocalypse time,
and nothing
will be left standing.
Maybe.
And maybe
things go your way.
But maybe
they go Heaven's,
and if they do,
everyone will need a Plan B.
Look, you and I work well
together when we have to.
You are
a powerful demon,
and I am
a good businesswoman.
When the smoke clears,
there'll be a new world order.
We can make that work
for us.
You said
we'd all be dead.
We don't have to be.
Not if we ride it out
in the safest place that exists.
I'm not following.
The Occultum.
Castiel:
The Occultum is a place?
A place...
a thing...
Whatever you want to call it,
it's powerful.
Jo and I cut a deal,
and I stashed it.
I can tell you
the location.
And it's not in Hell.
Does Jo know where it is?
Because she might try to --No.
That girl
really can't be trusted,
but you can trust me
if...
If what?
I'll help you
on one condition.
That you get me
the Hell out of here.
What?
Guys.
You're back.
Jack?
What the Hell?
Why do they call this place
the Empty?
This place is full.
It's full of sorrow
and despair
playing
over and over again,
of angels and demons
dreaming about their regrets.
Forever.
Yeah, I know.
He's dead.
Kind of.
For now.
What?
Ruby: You're clearly connected,
Castiel.
Just try.
Okay, I'll try.
The Occultum,
it's...
Cass went to the Empty.
Hopefully.
To find Ruby,
hopefully,
to find out where this
Occultum thing is located.
Hopefully.
That's way too many
"hopefully's."Bring him back now!
Meg:
Yo, Clarence.
You got
what you wanted.
Now what? You think you're gonna
just flit on home?
Yes,
because we have a deal.
I know we have a deal,
Feathers.
You're not dead, yet.
But for the time
you're here,
I can make you wish
you were.
You can't hurt me.
Jack said we're on
the same side. Against Chuck.
I'm on Death's side.
Come on,
wake up, pal.
When her plan works,
I finally get
to go back to sleep.
That's what she promised?
She can do that?
Come on, Cass.
Come on.
Funny thing about her plan,
though...
she didn't say anything
about needing you.
Baby, you can't just traipse
in and out of here.
It upsets
the order of things.
Cass!
Chardonnay, Clarence?
Oh, you're probably
not in the mood.
Aah!
See you soon.
Oh.
You made it back.
Yeah.
And so did you.
You're an idiot,
by the way.
What if
this hadn't worked?
But it did.
The Occultum was never
in Hell.
Yeah,
we get that.
The Occultum
is apparently
the safest place
in the world.
Jo was never
gonna give that up.
It's a "place"?
So you saw Ruby.
And I got
the location.
Am I still an idiot?
Well, yeah.Let's go, then.
Jack: Wait.
What if Chuck checks in on us
and sees what we're doing.
Isn't it
pretty much over?
Yeah,
it would be.
Uh...
I have a dumb idea.
If Chuck comes back
and checks in on us,
he's gonna look for us here
in the bunker.
We don't know that.
Well, we don't
notknow that.
So Chuck would need
to see us
here in the bunker.
Wait.
So you want them to be you?
Well, it's not that hard.
Me and Sam do it every day.
So I'm thinking we open up
a rift with a spell,
kind of like we did
with Apocalypse World.
But we don't need
archangel juice
'cause we're just trying
to get them out
of this in-between.
I'm thinking Cass' grace
would be enough.
Or it'll blast them away
to another world.
Maybe.
But it's better
than leaving them here.
Koth.
Munto.
Nuntox.
So, uh, back home,
you're -- you're Hunters?
We wereHunters.
The family business.
But our world's
probably gone.
We made it out
just before the explosion.
That's God.
God?
Sam: Yeah.
You're gonna need
another beer.
We actually don't drink
much of this stuff.
Dad won't keep it
in the house.
He only likes
his "private-label Scotch."
He spoils us.
Wait, your dad is...
still around?
And he "spoils" you?
Well, he did.
We don't know
where he is now.
Uh, we all went through
the rift together,
but, uh,
guess we got separated.
Mm.
To Dad.
Best guy ever.
So,
this is where you live.
Yeah, yeah.
And this is where your
Hunting operation is based?
Uh, I mean,
it's not really
much of an operation.
No, no, no. No, no, we --
we -- we do just fine. We, uh --
We hunt monsters
all over the country.
It's exhausting,
isn't it?
Mm.
But we --
we do it worldwide.
We have to keep
two sets of pilots on standby.
You guys
have your own plane?
You don't?
Oh, dear.
How do you manage?
How do you afford it?
We get paid.
For Hunting monsters.
You what?
Yes.
HunterCorp does very well.
HunterCorp?
Yeah. Well, got to hand it
to the old man, huh?
Pretty much built up
an entire empire from scratch.
To Dad.
Smartest guy ever.
Hmm. Alright.
Uh, well,
look, fellas,
thanks again for the, uh --
for the rescue.
Oh, uh,
glad you brought that up.
See, we got ourselves
a bit of a situation here.
Oh.
God smashed your world
like we said and...
And now he's gonna
take out this one.
And we're gonna stop him.
But he may be
checking in on us here.
Wait.
God "checks in" on you?
Yeah.
Uh, we kind of have a...
relationship.
So if he decides
to look in on us,
we don't want him to know
what we're doing.
So you two
are gonna be here,
pretending to be us.
And how
do we do that?
Well, first off,
I'm sorry,
you're gonna have to lose
the man bun.
Mm.
I will not.
Right.
Uh, and then, uh...
Dean:
This the place?
You sure?
Ruby was very specific.
Yeah, well,
so was Jo.
Guys, I-I know I haven't been
doing this as long as you,
but doesn't this seem
a little easy?
Yeah.
You hear something?
Is that a...bear?
No.
It's more like a...Hellhounds.
Dean.
Dean, you want to hurry
a little bit?
Go, go, go!
You got it?Yeah.
Guess Ruby forgot to mention
the freakin' Hellhounds.
Yeah,
it would seem.
Where are we
supposed to look?
She said the "top of the cross"
would point the way.
What's it supposed to
be pointing to?
Guys! Could you maybe
move it along?!
Dean, Cass.
The top
of the cross...
it's right there.
Guys!
I can't hold 'em forever!
The Hell is that?
Is that a map?
Maybe it's a key.
It's a passage
in Enochian.
It says, um,
loosely translated,
"In order to be
in the Occultum,
the Occultum must be
in you."
They said
lose the man bun, Samuel.
Look, hillbilly clothes
are bad enough.
I have to
draw the line somewhere,
and my hair...
is sacred.
So,
what do we do now?
This is it.
They said
be authentic,
drink beer in front of
a computer screen.
That's their lives?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God.
You get used to it.
Whoa!
Woman: Hey, there, big boy.
Check this out.
And there's like a ton
of these files in here.
Press my button
to enter me.
Can you imagine if Dad caught us
with that kind of stuff?
Goodbye,
trust funds.
Wow.
Wanna chat?
I got to tell you, Sammy,
this Sam and Dean,
you know,
sure they're simple,
but they've got
this place of their own.
There's no quarterly reports,
there's no investor calls,
there's just --
there's nothing to do
but hunt monsters,
drink beer,
and watch porn.
Hey, there, big boy.
Yeah.
They've got it made.
Guys,
I don't like it, alright?
I mean, first Jo sets us up
with the -- with killer demons,
and now Ruby sends us to a place
with Hellhounds?
These chicks
want us dead.
I don't trust
any part of this.Ahh!
Where's the thing?
Um, I ate it.You what?
Well, it said
it had to be in me, so --
No!
Spit it out.It's fine.
Okay?
Nothing's happening.
Aah!
Jack? Jack?
Jack?
Jack.
You must not be human.
Humans may not
enter here.
Are you an angel?
Um,
it's a long story.
Why do humans
have to stay out?
This is the Garden.
Man's beginning.
You mean...Eden.
Like Adam and Eve?
God loved them so.
His prize creations,
until he banished them
and all of mankind from
the perfection of the Garden.
And he hid it away.
I was told this place
might change me somehow.
Perhaps.
If you were the one
meant to find it.
You'll know soon enough.
What do you mean
if Jack comes back?
I don't know
what's happening here.
I-I had no idea
this was gonna involve
ingesting some magic sphere
and then disappearing, Dean.
Who are you, really?
Who are you
meant to be?
Alright.
So, what do you want to do next?
Jack,
what's wrong?
Suzie!
There's no going back.
You realize that now.
Aah!
Listen to me!Leave me alone!
They're never gonna
trust you again.
The Hell?
Aah!
Jack.
Jack?
Hey.
You okay?
Alright, fellas.
Well, thanks for your help.
Now it's, uh,
time to go.
You know, we, uh --
we could just
all live here together.
Like a club.
That would
just be weird.
It wouldn't be
so weird.
Trust me, where you want to be
is Brazil, okay?
It's far away,
and there's nothing
but beaches, babes, carnival.
Oh, uh, you think we could keep
the flannel shirts?
No.
Okay.
Oh, uh,
when we were looking around,
we, uh -- we saw it.
"It"?
The car.
You didn't touch it.
Oh.
We drove in it.
I'm sorry, you what?
And we're leaving.
Ow!
My arm -- you're hurting it.
Sam.
Dean.
Have fun in Rio!
Is the kid okay?
I don't know.
He seems
to have recovered.
So, Jack's back?
Yeah, he is.
But, um,
something's different.
Jack is, uh --
well,
he's been to the Garden.
That's the crossroads
of divinity and humanity.
No one's been there
since the exile till now.
Till Jack.
Sam:
Hey, Jack.
How you doing?
I...
I'm so sorry.
You what?
Why didn't I get it?
I mean,
my mother died, too.
Why didn't I understand?
It was my fault.
Jack...
His soul is back.
Please.
Just please forgive me.